Update ruby docs (#3241)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/performance/traces-sampler-as-sampler/ruby.mdx

    # transaction_context is the transaction object in hash form
    # keep in mind that sampling happens right after the transaction is initialized
    # e.g. at the beginning of the request
    transaction_context = sampling_context[:transaction_context]

>     # with transaction_context, you can sample transactions more sophisticatedly

Author: @PeloWriter could you help me refine this example as well? thanks 🙏

Reviewer: Sure :)

>     # with transaction_context, you can sample transactions more sophisticatedly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # transaction_context helps you sample transactions with more sophistication
```

>     # for example, you can give different rates based on the operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # for example, you can provide different sample rates based on the operation
```
